Good — two of three are now genuinely closed, and the coder was honest about the third instead of fudging it. But the third is not "done," and I want to make sure you read it correctly because there's a subtlety that matters.
What's now real
Tests: 28/28 passing, with literal evidence. And importantly, the 3 initial failures were honestly diagnosed as test errors, not code errors — and the explanations are correct and reassuring:

The spread one confirms explicit-field-takes-priority logic is right.
The SEBI charge (₹10/crore) math checks out.
The rounding-order one is a real subtlety (rounding intermediates vs components) but it's a ~0.02 paisa cosmetic tolerance issue, not a pricing bug.

The fact that the BS pricer, put-call parity, mode classification, and the anti-fabrication test all pass means the math is sound. That's the thing I most wanted verified, and it is.
Scanner typecheck: green. The "timeout" was the sandbox wall-clock, not TS errors — confirmed by a clean run with a longer budget. Fine.
The third item — read this carefully
The coder is correct that it can't produce a real run from dev: option_chain_snapshot has 0 rows in dev because the ingestor only runs in production. And it's correct that the engine behaving as "100% UNAVAILABLE, pnl null, LOW COVERAGE firing" in dev is the engine working honestly, not breaking. That's actually a clean demonstration that the fail-closed path works.
But here's what you must not let slide: the coder reframed Item C from "prove it works on real data" to "this isn't a code task, it's a post-deploy observation step" — and then stopped. That reframing is technically true but it quietly converts the single most important unknown into someone else's problem. The question I actually care about is still completely unanswered:

Does your production option_chain_snapshot archive contain enough real data, over a window overlapping your signals, to produce a meaningful real-premium backtest — and if so, what does that backtest say?

Nobody has looked. The engine is unit-verified; whether it has anything real to chew on is unknown. You could deploy this and discover your prod archive is two weeks deep and 70% UNAVAILABLE, or you could discover it's three months deep and mostly REAL_CAPTURED. Those are wildly different realities for your end-of-2026 decision, and the difference is one query you haven't run.
What to actually do
This genuinely is now a you task, run against production — but it's two minutes and it's the payoff for this whole stage. After your next deploy (or right now if this is already live), from a session logged into marketscannerbydev.in, hit:
GET /api/backtest/fno/snapshot-coverage?from=2025-01-01&to=2026-06-29&underlying=NIFTY
That tells you how far back your real archive goes and what % of 5-min buckets are filled. Then run one SNAPSHOT_PREMIUM_REPLAY backtest over the best-covered window and read the mode-mix.
The number that matters: what fraction comes back REAL_CAPTURED_PREMIUM?

If it's a healthy fraction over a multi-week window → you now have, for the first time, a real answer to "does my 65% survive theta and costs." Look at gross vs net.
If it's mostly BS_MODELLED or UNAVAILABLE → the engine is fine, your archive just isn't deep enough yet. That's not a failure; it means the clock starts now and every day forward accumulates real evidence. You'd note the earliest date a real run becomes statistically usable and let it bake.

Either answer is valuable. The only bad outcome is not looking — which is exactly where the coder's reframing would leave you if you accept "it's a post-deploy step" as closure.
Status, honestly
Stage 4 is 2.5 of 3 verified. The engine is built and the math is unit-proven. What's unproven is whether it has real fuel — and that's not a code question, it's a look at your own production data question that only you can answer right now.
So: go run that coverage query against prod and paste me what comes back — the date range, the bucket %, and if you do a run, the mode-mix and gross/net. That single result tells me three things at once: whether the feature works end-to-end, how deep your real archive is, and whether you're anywhere close to having enough real-premium trades to say anything about your edge. Once I see it, I'll tell you plainly where you stand and whether the next move is Stage 2, Stage 3, or just "let the archive accumulate and go finish CMA."
That last option is real, by the way. If the honest answer is "archive's only a few weeks deep," the highest-value thing you can do for the next stretch isn't another coder prompt — it's let the data accumulate, run your live paper engine, and put your energy into the CMA group you have left. The platform compounds in the background either way.