Authorized. Fixing the gate first, then the row, then the single refresh.



33 actions
Now the build-time stamp fix and the pre-commit gate in runOnce.



69 actions
All three authorized actions are done. Here is the report.

1. Timestamp gate — fixed

Two defects, two fixes, both in the registry refresh path:

The stamp. The generation was stamped with the run-start clock reading, so it always pre-dated the sources it was built from. It is now max(fresh clock at build time, latest source retrieval instant) — the max so a clock stepping backwards mid-run cannot re-create the inversion. A non-finite result refuses at GENERATION_BUILD.
The gate's position. The cold-load authority boundary now also runs before the write, as a required generationIntegrity port (new stage PRE_COMMIT_INTEGRITY, reason PRE_COMMIT_GENERATION_INTEGRITY_INVALID). Production delegates to the same evaluateRegistryAuthorityNow the restoration path calls — injected as a dependency, not re-derived — and converts an evaluator that throws into a refusal. An inconsistent generation now costs a refusal instead of a stored, unloadable row.
10 new tests (8 in a new 0.8E file, 2 in the production-composition suite) proving the writer is never reached, the stamp covers the latest retrieval, the commit clock is the one judged on, and diagnostics stay bounded. TSC clean; 435/435 registry tests pass. An independent review returned PASS; its two follow-ups (production-adapter throw test, evaluator identity binding) are the 2 extra tests I added.

2. Poisoned row — deleted

Deleted exactly id=10 / P06-01db8a3c3c3102ae / generated_at 2026-08-14 12:56:03.251+00 on the development DB, matched on all three columns. DELETE 1. Two rows remain, both ACCEPTED, latest reverted to P06-b1632484542c83eb (2026-08-12).

3. One final registry refresh — run, and it refused

Exactly one attempt, via a rebuilt throwaway harness (now deleted), guarded on non-production, owner authorization, and DB host helium.

outcome  REFUSED
stage    SOURCE_RETRIEVAL
reason   OFFICIAL_SOURCE_RETRIEVAL_FAILED
detail   SOURCE=BSE_LIST_OF_SCRIPS_ACTIVE
sourcesFetched 3   elapsed 23.6 s

Transport: 4 requests against the ceiling of 18 — 3 to nsearchives.nseindia.com, 1 to api.bseindia.com — and my out-of-process observation matched the composition's own ledger call for call. No Kite session call, no WebSocket, no other provider, no production DB.

It did not reach the build step, so the timestamp fix was not exercised live — the run died earlier, on the BSE List-of-Scrips fetch. That is an upstream reachability failure, not the defect you authorized me to fix: the same window shows the running API server logging NSE equity security master: all upstream URLs unreachable and Yahoo chart timeouts, so outbound access to the exchange hosts is currently flaky. The store is clean and the gate is in place; proving the fix end to end needs one more authorized attempt, which I have not taken.

Nothing else was touched — no checkpoint, publish, deploy, feed activation, or 0.8F. One thing to flag: HEAD moved from 99656ecd to e298104c on its own; that commit is a platform checkpoint of my earlier 0.8E working tree (registry, feed, memory files), not an attached_assets upload. Today's changes are uncommitted.

