Do not merge or publish yet. The ledger is finally reconciled—43 equity + 28 F&O = 71, with 15 EXCLUDE + 56 ANNOTATE_INVALID under the P0.2 entry-validity rule—but the release audit still failed.

The master prompt was adequate. The coder did not fully follow it.

Release blockers:

It checked only four selected implementation files. It omitted known changed files such as routes/paper.ts, tests, schemas and possible migrations.
The repository calendar is wrong. It reports June 25 as Muharram and omits May 28, while NSE’s official 2026 circular specifies May 28 and June 26. Official NSE circular
The smoke URL is wrong: it must be /api/paper/diagnostics/environment.
That endpoint does not prove individual C0 constants; C0 must be proven from the deployed commit’s source/blob hashes.
Requiring exactly eight equity positions to remain open would incorrectly fail when preserved exit logic legitimately closes positions.
The correct condition is zero new opening rows after deployment; closures remain permitted.
fill_evidence_version and automatic migration behavior were asserted without showing the schema/migration evidence.
The current main SHA and ancestry proof were omitted, so “fast-forward eligible” is unsupported.

Send this single corrective implementation prompt:

P0.2 Final Calendar and Release-Gate Correction

Complete this in one pass. Do not merge, publish, change production environment variables or mutate any database.

Authorized changes

Modify only the authoritative NSE calendar implementation and its unit tests. Do not change P0.2 quote binding, risk logic, C0 gates, broker controls, position sizing, exits, targets or historical rows.

Calendar correction

Reconcile the calendar used by Phase A and Phase B against NSE Circular NSE/CMTR/71775.

The 2026 weekday trading holidays are:

January 26
March 3
March 26
March 31
April 3
April 14
May 1
May 28
June 26
September 14
October 2
October 20
November 10
November 24
December 25

June 25 is a normal Thursday and must not be classified as Muharram. Preserve the existing BSE fail-closed policy.

Add unit tests proving:

May 28 is rejected.
June 26 is rejected.
June 25 is not rejected as a holiday.
Weekends remain rejected.
BSE remains fail-closed.
Valid NSE session admission still succeeds.

Run the focused tests and complete API-server typecheck.

Complete deployment-diff audit

Produce git diff --name-status 533ff05fd0992288a5d4cd50f1a019c8de8787fb..<NEW_HEAD>.

Audit every non-memory and non-attachment file in that diff—do not select only four files. Include:

Production implementation
Routes
Tests
Generated schemas
Database schemas and migrations
Package and lock files
.replit

Identify every migration and prove whether fill_evidence_version exists in the accepted target schema and how it is applied during deployment. Do not run the migration.

Git ancestry

Report the exact current main SHA and run an ancestry check. Do not claim fast-forward eligibility without command evidence.

Correct post-deployment checks

Use:

/api/healthz
/api/build-info
/api/paper/diagnostics/environment

Verify C0 constants from the deployed commit’s source/blob hashes—not from the diagnostics reason.

Database safety condition:

No row with opened_at later than the deployment start timestamp.
Existing open positions may close because exit paths must remain operational.
Do not require the number of open positions to remain exactly eight.
Final report

Return:

New final SHA
Exact changed files
Calendar source and corrected dates
Test/typecheck results
Complete production-to-target diff inventory
Schema/migration evidence
Main ancestry evidence
Corrected smoke checklist
Confirmation that Git contains no memory/document changes from this task
DEPLOYED=NO

Stop after the report. Do not update memory or create unrelated documentation.